# Jonathan
This is my first microgame, so I'm very excited and nervous at the same time!
I decided on the FPS microgame as I'm more familar with the genre and making an FPS is very important in today's trends (Overwatch, Call of Duty, etc.)
Using Unity hasn't been too difficult, especially since I have had some experience in the other Game design classes in regards on how everything works. The only struggle for me is the micromanaging of all these screens. It's very overwhelming, but I've gotten a hang of it. One particular mess up was trying to fix one of those "pink models", leading me to scrap my entire project as it led to me accidently deleting all my files for the microgame (gray screens aren't fun to look at).
I used 3 models for the microgame (for now); sci-fi barrels, security cameras, and a massive computer. They were all imported from the unity store from the free assets and were imported all the way (didn't need to remove anything). I had to render them in game as they were pink, but the renderer dealt with that issue. I used 3 types of barrels based on usage (new, worn, and destroyed). I scattered them around the scene to add an atmosphere of a broken-down lab. Some were knocked down to add some variety. The security cameras added some realism, and the computer acts as a monument to the past, an older time before the machines took over the lab. The rustic feel of these objects work together to create a desolate environemnt that I will expand upon with music and effects.
Overall, this was a fun assignment, besides the errors I made.
